# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt --prerelease=allow --emit-find-links --refresh
--find-links https://storage.googleapis.com/jax-releases/libtpu_releases.html

absl-py==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   array-record
    #   chex
    #   dm-tree
    #   etils
    #   keras
    #   ml-collections
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tf-slim
ai-edge-litert==1.3.0
    # via tf-models-official
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.13
    # via gcsfs
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anyioutils
    #   ipykernel
    #   zmq-anyio
anyioutils==0.7.3
    # via zmq-anyio
array-record==0.7.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   icecream
    #   stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   dm-tree
    #   outcome
backports-strenum==1.2.8
    # via ai-edge-litert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via kaggle
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
chex==0.1.89
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optax
click==8.2.1
    # via wandb
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   icecream
    #   sacrebleu
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.1.2
    # via tf-models-official
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   ipython
dm-tree==0.1.9
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via
    #   simple-parsing
    #   tyro
einops==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   etils
etils==1.12.2
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tensorflow-datasets
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   icecream
    #   stack-data
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via
    #   ai-edge-litert
    #   tensorflow
flax==0.10.6
    # via -r requirements.in
flax-orbax==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.58.4
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   etils
    #   gcsfs
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow
gcsfs==2025.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gin-config==0.5.0
    # via tf-models-official
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via wandb
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.172.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.73.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.14.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
humanize==4.12.3
    # via orbax-checkpoint
icecream==2.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
    #   yarl
immutabledict==4.2.1
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tf-models-official
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via etils
ipykernel==7.0.0a1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==9.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   mediapy
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
jax==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   flax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
jaxlib==0.6.1
    # via
    #   chex
    #   jax
    #   optax
jaxtyping==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kaggle==1.7.4.5
    # via tf-models-official
keras==3.10.0
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
libtpu==0.0.15
    # via jax
libtpu-nightly==0.1.dev20250616+nightly
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==5.4.0
    # via sacrebleu
markdown==3.8
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   mediapy
    #   seaborn
    #   tf-models-official
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mediapy==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
ml-collections==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ml-dtypes==0.5.1
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorstore
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
namex==0.1.0
    # via keras
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   orbax-checkpoint
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ai-edge-litert
    #   chex
    #   contourpy
    #   dm-tree
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   h5py
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapy
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   sacrebleu
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   seqeval
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tensorstore
    #   tf-models-official
    #   treescope
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via tf-models-official
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python-headless==4.11.0.86
    # via tf-models-official
opentelemetry-api==1.34.1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-sdk==1.34.1
    # via sentry-sdk
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.55b1
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   tensorflow
optax==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flax
optree==0.16.0
    # via keras
orbax-checkpoint==0.11.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flax
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via anyioutils
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   wandb
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   seaborn
    #   tf-models-official
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapy
    #   tf-models-official
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   wandb
portalocker==3.2.0
    # via sacrebleu
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   kaggle
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   wandb
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tf-models-official
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via tf-models-official
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycocotools==2.0.10
    # via tf-models-official
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via wandb
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   icecream
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via kaggle
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   flax
    #   flax-orbax
    #   ml-collections
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tf-models-official
    #   wandb
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   zmq-anyio
regex==2024.11.6
    # via sacrebleu
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   jax
    #   kaggle
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   wandb
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   flax
    #   keras
    #   tyro
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
sacrebleu==2.5.1
    # via tf-models-official
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via seqeval
scipy==1.16.0rc2
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tf-models-official
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via tf-models-official
sentry-sdk==3.0.0a2
    # via wandb
seqeval==1.2.2
    # via tf-models-official
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   chex
    #   kaggle
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
shtab==1.7.2
    # via tyro
simple-parsing==0.1.7
    # via tensorflow-datasets
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via orbax-checkpoint
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   kaggle
    #   oauth2client
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tf-models-official
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sacrebleu
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-text
    #   tf-keras
    #   tf-models-official
tensorflow-datasets==4.9.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tf-models-official
tensorflow-hub==0.16.1
    # via tf-models-official
tensorflow-metadata==1.17.1
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-model-optimization==0.7.3
    # via tf-models-official
tensorflow-text==2.19.0
    # via tf-models-official
tensorstore==0.1.75
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   python-slugify
tf-keras==2.19.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tf-models-official
tf-models-official==2.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tf-slim==1.1.0
    # via tf-models-official
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
toolz==1.0.0
    # via chex
tornado==6.5.1
    # via jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   ai-edge-litert
    #   etils
    #   kaggle
    #   tensorflow-datasets
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
treescope==0.1.9
    # via flax
typeguard==4.4.4
    # via tyro
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   ai-edge-litert
    #   anyio
    #   chex
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   optree
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   simple-parsing
    #   tensorflow
    #   typeguard
    #   typing-inspection
    #   tyro
    #   wandb
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tyro==0.9.24
    # via -r requirements.in
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wadler-lindig==0.1.6
    # via jaxtyping
wandb==0.20.2rc20250616
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   kaggle
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   dm-tree
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   importlib-metadata
zmq-anyio==0.3.9
    # via ipykernel
